Newsela Logo
Contractor: Lead Analytics Engineer - Data Team
Remote - Argentina; Brazil; Mexico; Colombia; Chile; Costa Rica

Seeking to hire a Contractor based out of Mexico or Argentina for Lead Analytics Engineering Data Team

    We are looking for a Lead Analytics Engineer to join our data team.
    Reporting to the Hiring Manager, you will be responsible for applying data engineering best practices to analytics code to transform, test, and document data.
    You will provide clean and organized data sets to end users.
    You will be provide expert code reviews and mentorship to other engineers in the data space
    You will be responsible for building and maintaining composable data models, as well as optimizing SQL query performance for the models you build.
    You will transform raw data into business insights, working closely with stakeholders and developing analyses to answer critical business questions.
    You will create data visualizations and help stakeholders explore and understand the data visualization tools available to them.

Why you'll love this role:Data Modeling and Transformation

        Build new analyses and support existing ones using SQL and Python.
        Apply software engineering principles like version control and continuous integration to the analytics codebase.
        Expand our data warehouse with clean data ready for analysis.

Data Quality and Testing

        Apply advanced data testing strategies to ensure resulting datastores are aligned with expected business logic.
        Implement validation checks and automated testing procedures to manage data quality in your ETL/ELT pipelines.

Collaboration and Communication

        Work with stakeholders to define business logic and data expectations.
        Help drive a change in the usage of data by actively surfacing insights to stakeholders.
        Lead initiatives and problem definition, scoping, design, and planning.

Infrastructure and Automation

        Build tools and automation to run data infrastructure.
        Manage large-scale data migrations in relational datastores.

Why you're a great fit:

    8+ Years experience working with data in a software environment. 
    Required Skills: Mastered proficiency in SQL and Python; advanced experience managing business semantic layer tooling, data catalog tooling and  data integrity testing frameworks. Experience with dbt orchestration and best practices.
    You have a track record of working autonomously and proactively, with deep domain knowledge of data systems.
    Required Tech Stack: SQL, Python, relational datastores, DAG tooling (like Dagster or Airflow), dbt and Tableau.
    Experience with cloud-based infrastructure (AWS, GCP, Terraform) and document, graph, or schema-less datastores.

Please note that given the nature of the contract, this role will not be eligible to participate in company-sponsored benefits. 

 

#LI-Remote

Create a Job Alert

Interested in building your career at Newsela? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email.
Create alert
Apply for this job

*

indicates a required field
First Name*
Last Name*
Preferred First Name
Email*
Phone
Country*
Phone*
Resume/CV*
Attach
Enter manually

Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf
Cover Letter
Attach
Enter manually

Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf

Education
School*
Select...
Degree*
Select...
Discipline*
Select...
Pronouns
LinkedIn Profile
How did you hear about this job?*
Are you located in Argentina, Mexico, or Brazil?*
Select...
What is your permanent work location? *
What are your compensation requirements?*

Please provide USD per month
When is the earliest you could start in this role?*
How many years of experience do you have coding in Python?*
Select...
How many years of experience do you have with SQL?*
Select...
How many years of experience do you have building and maintaining data pipelines?*
Select...
Do you have experience working with stakeholders and developing analyses to answer critical business questions?*
Select...
Please rate your proficiency with English*
Select...

No Proficiency: Basically no knowledge of the language. The person may know a few words, but can’t form sentences or carry on any type of conversation.

Elementary Proficiency: Can form basic sentences, including asking and answering simple questions. This is essentially the starting point of the language proficiency levels. This level reflects someone who is traveling to a new country and who has just begun to study a language.

Limited Working Proficiency: Can handle basic work commands and social phrases. They can carry on limited casual conversations at the office and discuss their personal life. Someone at this level still needs help with more extensive conversations in the language. They can only operate independently in basic conversations.

Professional Working Proficiency: Can make contributions to office meetings, have conversations with clients, and carry out most work functions requested of them. A person at this level can speak at a normal speed in the language and has a fairly extensive vocabulary. 

Full Professional Proficiency: Can have advanced discussions on a wide range of topics about personal life, current events, and technical topics such as business and finance. Their vocabulary is extensive and they can carry on conversations with ease. 

Bilingual Proficiency: Someone at this language proficiency level was either raised speaking the language or has been speaking it so long that they are completely fluent. 
Voluntary Self-Identification

For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.

As set forth in Newsela’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law.
Gender
Select...
Are you Hispanic/Latino?
Select...
Race & Ethnicity Definitions

If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows:

A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.

A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.

An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.

An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.
Veteran Status
Select...
Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability
Form CC-305
Page 1 of 1
OMB Control Number 1250-0005
Expires 04/30/2026

Why are you being asked to complete this form?

We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years.

Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.
How do you know if you have a disability?

A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. Disabilities include, but are not limited to:

    Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally)
    Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS
    Blind or low vision
    Cancer (past or present)
    Cardiovascular or heart disease
    Celiac disease
    Cerebral palsy
    Deaf or serious difficulty hearing
    Diabetes
    Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders
    Epilepsy or other seizure disorder
    Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome
    Intellectual or developmental disability
    Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD
    Missing limbs or partially missing limbs
    Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports
    Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS)
    Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities
    Partial or complete paralysis (any cause)
    Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema
    Short stature (dwarfism)
    Traumatic brain injury

Disability Status
Select...

PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.

Powered by
