Fleetio Logo
Back to jobs
Senior Analytics Engineer - Auto Integrate
Remote - USA, CAN, MEX

A little about us…Fleetio is a modern software platform that helps thousands of organizations worldwide manage their fleet operations. Transportation technology is a hot market, and we’re leading the charge with raving fans and new customers signing up every day. We raised $450M in our Series D funding round in March of 2025 and are on an exciting trajectory as a company. Fleetio is also a proud founding member of the Rails Foundation!

More about our team and company:

    Fleetio overview video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoXyXTFWbkg
    Our careers page: https://www.fleetio.com/careers

About Fleetio & Auto Integrate

Fleetio is a modern fleet operations platform used by thousands of organizations worldwide to manage vehicles, equipment, and drivers. Auto Integrate, acquired by Fleetio in 2025, is a leading global maintenance authorization network that supports fleets that outsource their service, maintenance, and repair needs. The business is managed by a small, global team within Fleetio, combining the resources of a scaled SaaS company with the agility of a niche market leader.
Description

We are looking for a Senior Analytics Engineer to play a foundational role in building Auto Integrates’ internal analytics infrastructure. In this role, you will design and implement the systems that power reporting, operational visibility, and product analytics across the organization.

You will focus primarily on building and scaling our internal data platform from the ground up. In close partnership with Product & Engineering, you will also help integrate analytics directly into the platform — enabling data-driven features, reporting, and insights for our customers.

You will collaborate closely with leadership, engineering, and other internal stakeholders to ensure data aligns with business needs and supports strategic objectives. This is an opportunity to shape the foundation of Auto Integrate's analytics ecosystem, where data plays a central role in how we operate, how we grow, and how we deliver value to customers.

This position will require experience in building a data platform from the ground up, enabling the team to access analytics in ways they have not before. If you are more interested in building upon and improving an existing data platform, check out our other Senior Analytics Engineer job posting: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/fleetio/jobs/5054939007.
Who you are

The ideal candidate for this role is a business-savvy senior-level analytics engineer with experience in building and owning complex analytics platforms and working closely with stakeholders. You’re comfortable starting from a relatively open landscape and defining scalable architecture, modeling standards, and best practices. You have a deep understanding of data modeling, data transformation, and data warehousing on modern data platforms. Your experience goes beyond just data engineering; you have a strong foundation in analytics and have worked closely with customer-facing products. You bring strong but adaptable opinions on design patterns, architecture, and data modeling, and you are passionate about solving business challenges by delivering scalable, data-driven solutions. You have a knack for translating ambiguous business questions into clear, actionable data insights and incrementally deliver impactful results. Product-minded and team-oriented, you actively listen to others’ perspectives and educate on best practices. Excellent communication, especially written, is one of your strengths.
Your impact

    Enable self-service analytics for all team members by designing clean, intuitive data models and metrics through dbt, empowering employees to make informed, data-driven decisions.
    Develop and refine custom data pipelines that ingest data from operational systems to our analytics platform, handling both streaming and batch data using third-party tooling and home-grown solutions
    Maintain and optimize the data platform infrastructure, focusing on data quality, ELT efficiency, and platform hygiene.
    Architect and implement key components of the analytics infrastructure, such as BI, semantic layers, and foundational data warehouse.
    Develop and maintain streaming data pipelines from a variety of databases and data sources
    Collaborate across business units to understand data needs and ensure required data is collected, modeled, and available to team members.
    Document best practices and coach/advise other data analysts, product managers, engineers, etc. on data modeling, SQL query optimization & reusability, etc. Keep our data platform tidy by managing roles and permissions and deprecating old projects.

Your experience

    5+ years of experience with a proven track record in data or analytics engineering.
    Experience transforming raw data into clean models using standard tools of the modern data stack and a deep understanding of ELT and data modeling concepts.
    Hands-on experience building and orchestrating ELT pipelines using Azure Data Factory
    Experience with Microsoft SQL Server.
    Proficiency in Python and orchestration tooling like Prefect or Dagster.
    Experience in designing, building, and administering modern data pipelines and data warehouses.
    Experience with dbt.
    Experience with semantic layers like Snowflake's semantic views, Cube, or Metricflow.
    Experience with Snowflake, BigQuery, or Redshift.
    Experience with version control tools such as GitHub or GitLab.
    Experience with CI/CD and IaaC tooling such as GitHub Actions and Terraform.
    Experience with business intelligence solutions (Metabase, Looker, Tableau)
    Excellent communication and project management skills with a customer service-focused mindset.

Considered a plus

    Experience with data marketplaces/private sharing technologies such as Snowflake Marketplace or AWS Data Exchange.
    Experience with ELT tools such as Stitch or Fivetran.
    Experience contributing to open-source projects.
    Experience with streaming data and pipelines such as Kafka or Kinesis.
    Experience with full-stack engineering.

 
Benefits 

    Multiple health/dental coverage options (100% coverage for employee, 50% for family)
    Vision insurance
    Incentive stock options
    401(k) match of 4%
    PTO - 4 weeks (increases at year two!)
    12 company holidays + 2 floating holidays
    Parental leave - birthing parent (16 weeks paid) non-birthing (4 weeks paid)
    FSA & HSA options
    Short and long term disability (short term 100% paid)
    Community service funds
    Professional development funds
    Wellbeing fund - $150 quarterly
    Business expense stipend - $125 quarterly
    Mac laptop + new hire equipment stipend
    Fully stocked kitchen with tons of drinks & snacks (BHM only)
    Remote working friendly since 2012 #LI-REMOTE

Fleetio provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need.

This application is not intended to and does not create a contract or offer of employment. Employment with Fleetio is at will.

If you have a disability or a special need that requires an accommodation to fill out the online application, please let us know by calling (205) 718-7500.

Create a Job Alert

Interested in building your career at Fleetio? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email.
Create alert
Apply for this job

*

indicates a required field
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Phone
Country*
+1
Phone*
Resume/CV*

2026_Morales_Robert_Resume-2.pdf
Cover Letter
Attach
Enter manually

Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf
Do you reside in the United States, Canada, or Mexico? Please note, this role is only open to candidates who live in the three countries listed above. *
Select...
Do you require visa sponsorship now or in the future? *
Select...
Do you have experience using 2+ dbt to build out data models for analysis? *
Select...
Please elaborate on your experience building and scaling a data platform from the ground up.*
Please elaborate on your experience with working with stakeholders.*
Did someone from Fleetio refer you? If so, share their name below. If not, list "N/A".*
LinkedIn Profile*
Voluntary Self-Identification

For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.

As set forth in Fleetio’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law.
Gender
Male
Are you Hispanic/Latino?
Yes
Race & Ethnicity Definitions

If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows:

A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.

A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.

An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.

An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.
Veteran Status
I am not a protected veteran
Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability
Form CC-305
Page 1 of 1
OMB Control Number 1250-0005
Expires 04/30/2026

Why are you being asked to complete this form?

We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years.

Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.
How do you know if you have a disability?

A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. Disabilities include, but are not limited to:

    Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally)
    Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS
    Blind or low vision
    Cancer (past or present)
    Cardiovascular or heart disease
    Celiac disease
    Cerebral palsy
    Deaf or serious difficulty hearing
    Diabetes
    Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders
    Epilepsy or other seizure disorder
    Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome
    Intellectual or developmental disability
    Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD
    Missing limbs or partially missing limbs
    Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports
    Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS)
    Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities
    Partial or complete paralysis (any cause)
    Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema
    Short stature (dwarfism)
    Traumatic brain injury

Disability Status
No, I do not have a disability and have not had one in the past

PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.

Powered by
