Banner
Runway Logo
Back to jobs
Staff Product Analytics Engineer
Remote

We are building AI to simulate the world through merging art and science.

We believe that world models are at the frontier of progress in artificial intelligence. Language models alone won’t solve the world’s hardest problems – robotics, disease, scientific discovery. Real progress requires models that experience the world and learn from their mistakes, the same way that humans do. And this kind of trial and error can be massively accelerated when done in simulation, rather than in the real world.

World models offer the most clear path to general-purpose simulation, changing how stories are told, how scientific progress is made and how the next frontiers of humanity are reached.

Our team consists of creative, open minded, caring and ambitious people who are determined to change the world. We aspire to continuously build impossible things and our ability to do so relies on building an incredible team. If you are driven to do the same, we'd love to hear from you.
About the role

This role is for our first-ever product analytics engineering hire, and a fundamental and critical part of the team for a market-defining company in its early stages.

We’re looking for a passionate product analytics engineer to ensure every team at Runway uses data to be as effective as possible in their role. This role is for someone who has a combination of strong technical and data background and experience in understanding the needs of cross-functional partners across every team. You have the ability to take raw data and build tools and platforms on top of it for people to self-serve what they need.

You’ll deeply understand what data we have, how we can better use it, and how to leverage AI tooling both for yourself and our teams to provide speed-of-thought data insights across the company. You’ll be excited to combine prior expertise with the rapidly changing areas of ML, tooling integrations, and our product data in order to do so.
What you’ll do

    Own the data infrastructure and pipelines for business critical product and user data
    Conceptualize and build best-in-class internal tools enabling others to increasingly self-serve data needs
    Take an AI-first approach to scaling Runway’s data tooling and use. You’ll provide the two necessary things that today’s AI systems lack – trust and total context – so data can help drive key decisions in the right direction
    Work with sales and finance to ensure billing, revenue recognition, margin analysis, and other key financial metrics are accurate as products and go to market motions rapidly develop
    Work with product and engineering to ensure critical usage data is available and interpreted in useful ways
    Collaborate with with trust and safety teams on signals for detecting misuse or abuse
    Collaborate with marketing and studios teams to help measure impact of all marketing initiatives
    Build and maintain our data pipelines and third party tools that others use for dashboarding and analysis

What you’ll need

    4+ years of experience working as a data analyst, engineer, scientist or similar, where your primary responsibility involved working heavily with product data
    4+ years of experience with SQL, ETL, python, and data modeling
    Collaborative mindset and communication skills; Comfortable working directly with sales, product, finance, and engineering teammates. You can translate data needs into solutions, gather context needed to unblock yourself, and build tooling that any teammate is comfortable using
    Understanding of best practices for data modeling, manipulation, transformation, and maintaining privacy
    An added bonus if you have experience as a founding product data analyst or first hire in a data role

Runway strives to recruit and retain exceptional talent from diverse backgrounds while ensuring pay equity for our team. Our salary ranges are based on competitive market rates for our size, stage and industry, and salary is just one part of the overall compensation package we provide.

There are many factors that go into salary determinations, including relevant experience, skill level and qualifications assessed during the interview process, and maintaining internal equity with peers on the team. The range shared below is a general expectation for the function as posted, but we are also open to considering candidates who may be more or less experienced than outlined in the job description. In this case, we will communicate any updates in the expected salary range.

Lastly, the provided range is the expected salary for candidates in the U.S. Outside of those regions, there may be a change in the range, which again, will be communicated to candidates.

Salary range: $200,000-260,000
Working at Runway

Great things come from great teams. We’d love to hear from you.

We’re committed to creating a space where our employees can bring their full selves to work and have equal opportunity to succeed. So regardless of race, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, origin, ability, age, veteran status, if joining this mission speaks to you, we encourage you to apply.

More about Runway

    Universal World Simulator
    GWM-1
    Gen-4.5
    General World Models
    Robotics SDK
    Conversational Real-time Agents
    Runway Studios

 

We're excited to be recognized as a best place to work Crain's | InHerSight | BuiltIn NYC | INC

Create a Job Alert

Interested in building your career at Runway ? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email.
Create alert
Apply for this job

*

indicates a required field
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Phone
Country*
Phone*
Resume/CV*
Attach
Enter manually

Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf
LinkedIn Profile*
Github/Website*
Do you have experience working at an early stage startup?*
Select...
When you started at your most recent company, what was the state of data and how have you impacted it since?*
What’s the most impactful technical project you’ve worked on recently?*
What AI tools do you leverage day to day?*
Are you currently based in the U.S. or Canada?*
Select...
If located in the US, are you currently authorized to work in the US?*
Select...
What are your preferred pronouns?
So we can pronounce it correctly, what is the phonetic spelling of your name? (e.g., Kristina would be chris-teen-uh)*
Voluntary Self-Identification

For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.

As set forth in Runway ’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law.
Gender
Select...
Are you Hispanic/Latino?
Select...
Race & Ethnicity Definitions

If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows:

A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.

A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.

An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.

An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.
Veteran Status
Select...
Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability
Form CC-305
Page 1 of 1
OMB Control Number 1250-0005
Expires 04/30/2026

Why are you being asked to complete this form?

We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years.

Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.
How do you know if you have a disability?

A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. Disabilities include, but are not limited to:

    Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally)
    Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS
    Blind or low vision
    Cancer (past or present)
    Cardiovascular or heart disease
    Celiac disease
    Cerebral palsy
    Deaf or serious difficulty hearing
    Diabetes
    Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders
    Epilepsy or other seizure disorder
    Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome
    Intellectual or developmental disability
    Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD
    Missing limbs or partially missing limbs
    Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports
    Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS)
    Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities
    Partial or complete paralysis (any cause)
    Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema
    Short stature (dwarfism)
    Traumatic brain injury

Disability Status
Select...

PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.

Powered by
